Prince.
Didn't you mention that assassin before?
Did he leave behind a torn cloth?
I wanted to check.
Whether anyone stood behind the assassin.
Are there other people hiding?
The piece of cloth was not suspicious.
You are the suspicious person.
Your Highness, since when did you start
suspecting me?
I began to suspect you.
The day you returned from Misty Forest.
You were carrying
The scent of Hongyu Bone-Mending Ointment.
That medicine is used only for leg
injuries.
If I'm not mistaken,
You brought it from Bichen Palace.
So you are Shen Yuheng's man.
Prince.
You are a good general.
But the Crown Prince saved my life.
Since it has come to this,
I have nothing left to hide.
I arranged the attack that night.
That was to repay a favor.
And framing Jiang Zhu at the Flower
Festival.
Was for revenge.
Twelve years ago.
My father and brothers died in that
massacre.
At the hands of Jade Waist Slaves.
Prince.
You are well aware of Jiang Zhu's identity.
She is the Jade Waist Slave.
But twelve years ago.
She was just a child.
She could not have been the one who
slaughtered the camp.
Since it has come to this,
Is this truly repaying kindness, or just
revenge?
Neither one is wrong.
Since you are Shen Yuheng's man.
What should I do with you?
Leave him to me.
Bunyan.
Zun Yang was the one you placed by the
prince's side.
As for that assassination attempt,
I was not behind it.
All these years.
I am determined to fight my uncle for the
throne.
There is indeed a mistake.
Zunyangma.
He was determined to avenge his parents.
After learning about Jiang Zhu's
background.
It was inevitable.
Sister Zhaohua.
I know who plotted against me.
Not the Crown Prince.
I know it wasn't him.
Someone else.
He just told me.
Crimson,
The Flower Festival.
I still have to apologize to you.
Sorry.
I accept your apology.
Thank you too.
You stood up and helped me shoot that
arrow.
But.
When did your leg heal?
I can't very well tell her.
I did it to gain Zhaohua's favor.
You've been pretending all along.
Please, sit down.
My legs hurt terribly!
Your legs weren't fully healed to begin
with.
You need to use the Hongyu Bone-Mending
Ointment for hot compresses.
But you left me here.
It's almost used up.
This is the Hongyu Bone-Mending Ointment
presented as tribute by Lord Ling.
It has such a miraculous effect.
Then I'll return to the palace now.
He was ordered to find some more from the
North.
That's not right.
The mistletoe in this Hongyu Bone-Mending
Ointment.
It is a precious medicinal material.
It only grows in warm southern regions.
Could not have come from the North.
Where did this medicine come from?
This scent...
Why does it feel familiar, besides Bichen
Palace?
I feel like I've smelled it somewhere
before.
Where should I place this rosemary?
In Shen Miao's room.
Your Majesty.
The new medicine is ready.
This miraculous medicine has been taken
for twelve years.
I still don't even have the strength to
mount my horse.
Your Majesty, please calm down.
The witch doctor said.
The medicine requires the blood of the
Jade Waist Slave.
Prince.
As you instructed,
Zun Yang has been detained.
But whatever the court does,
They all seek to capture the Jade Waist
Slave.
What is your plan?
The hiding place of the Jade Waist Slave.
I have already found it.
If they dare to make any rash moves.
We can handle it at any time.
As for Crimson,
Let me think a little longer.
Understood.
Prince.
If Jiang Zhu knew.
How will you explain it to her?
I...
Oh, no!
Oh, no! Shen Miao!
What's wrong?
Sister Zhaohua said
The Crown Prince's leg tendons were all
severed.
He may never stand again.
The imperial physician just said a few
days ago.
Shen Yuheng's leg has recovered very well.
How did this happen so suddenly?
Didn't you say you didn't care about him?
Then why do you know his leg condition so
well?
Tell me quickly.
Sister Zhaohua said
If we have Red Jade Heartbreak Ointment,
Together with the herb she cultivated,
There may still be hope.
But the ointment is gone.
Are you looking for this?
Your legs.
Someone has spent years
Using another's name to visit Bichen
Palace
And took away Hongyu Bone-Mending Ointment.
Even shattered bones could be healed.
Rest assured.
His leg has not been crippled again.
He can walk normally again.
Go.
Imperial Uncle.
Red bean cake.
Sweet red bean cakes!
You cared most about healing the Crown
Prince's leg.
Yet you kept tormenting him.
I just want him to misunderstand you.
I was born with only black and white
vision.
My mother's death anniversary.
It's Shen Yuheng's birthday again.
Everyone in the palace treated me as
ill-omened.
Only him.
He used to cling to me and follow me every
day.
He called me 'Royal Uncle' again and again.
He asked me to teach him how to ride a
horse.
He even gave me a lucky charm.
I knew it.
The Crown Prince is a very, very good
person.
Yes.
However, after his leg injury?
I never saw it again.
That
Radiant Shen Yuheng again.
Aside from making him see me as an enemy
And stirring his fighting spirit,
I had no other way.
Now he has stood up.
How can you be so caring?
Then how should I show I care?
You should express your true feelings.
Tell him directly.
Red bean cake!
Boss.
Give me a piece of red bean cake.
Okay.
Here you go.
Boss.
Your red bean cake.
It's truly the best food in the entire
capital.
What a sweet-tongued girl.
I'll give you another one.
Thank you, boss.
Take it!
Look.
Tell others how you feel.
Others will be happy too.
And you'll receive warmth in return.
I can't do it.
Shen Miao.
You are a very good man.
The people in the palace failed to see
your worth.
They were wrong.
Look.
You received genuine praise.
You'll feel really happy too.
Practice with me first.
What do you truly feel?
Will you tell me?
I...
What I feel...
You know why I summoned you today.
Do you know why?
Today.
It is the anniversary of my seventh
brother's death.
Who was it
That killed your seventh brother?
A Jade Waist Slave.
Twelve years ago.
You ordered him to lead troops to support
Liang Than.
That's why he was tragically murdered by
the Jade Waist Slave.
Look at him.
Tell me.
Have you let him rest in peace?
For my mistakes.
Have you atoned?
No.
So what are you waiting for?
I want you to use
The flesh and blood of those thirteen Jade
Waist Slaves
To repent.